guys here at easy 0 4 pounds than today
theme yu gi oh
makes you see my by icy bay
then let's start right away, I'll play
ungania I miss the other 35 and yes
play all three apart from you one
headband isolassimo bandits then then
I play marshmallows because it's a
monster in defense very strong
and in fact e misha van helden then I will
I play a nightmare penguin who discovers
fi return to a monster
of the opponent is a thousand thousand of defense
then you play a thick mantic of the
ice bay 2000 in defense and a
beautiful licked magic effect can not
be there and must place the cards
magic and in a while activate motion for the
your next turn and it's very loud
then I play moon balloch of the bay
of ice a bite monster given the
stars that a nice effect
and then afterwards I play two snowmen
dogs you that have a 1900 defense one
good effect
then we play a caravan of the bay of
ice that has a beautiful put on a
effect and is played very easily
then we play a gulag of the bay of
ice and a nice effect a 2008
the eight-star attack then plays a
pair and bari to 2 then oi of the bay
of ice and
have a nice effect and better attack
then two pilgrims from the bay play there
of ice 1500 is a nice effect not
can be attacked by Tuesdays
1900 lower is that it is another
pilgrim
then later it is played and creates mantles of the
ice bay that has a nice effect
one million and two stars a limited
edition is another more mechanical factions
a general help the ice bay
in 2100 you are a beautiful star
effect
I play the tyrant neptune because a
I show really very very strong and
water and then you play two shock tops
a shock that is very strong if it is
keep it covered that attack it comes
equipped then a defender blitz
of the ice bay when it comes from
cemetery warrants chosen in battle
paschi a pure card
no it is not that a referee limited troops
assault that has a cute effect 3
spends 1500 then I play a spirit
sack of the ice bay spirit is a
nice effect I left off attack 4
another star is a strategist
of the craving for ice I have
thousand effect 4 4 star team le
friends magno dragon rouge a daspo
of the ice bay from lethal star a
1200 to the cute effect and to play
let's move on to the magic I play pil of the
rocket magic triangle of the barrier of
Ice Room of character centers
medallion of the ice barrier e
debuted damn that it was the study
why
is not very strong swords revealed research
much make another medallion of the
ice bay as you can see if
play 2 an enhancement of the grapes it
make rapid launch of the hammer
against what is very strong
let's move on to the traps I play two
languages no I say bellingham an armor
sciacquette a certain spell was
a very strong dark conduction
time machine a bottle
hygienic pretty strong super sky
super continues every time a thomas
attacks puts a counter and when at 4
nard signals destroys and destroys the
your opponent destroy all the houses
he believes in a magic cylinder and a hole
table itself has a table hole I hope that
you liked this video here france
04 killing francesco brother to do 99
scordio and my ice bay deck
almost complete comment and write e
subscribe to the canal of Fiano 89 purposes